okay hey what's up everybody um so we
haven't posted a video in a while and so
I'm just gonna do an industrial craft
Tube video why because I feel like it
and we need some content up soon me and
Nate will be doing a update video
probably soon and we'll be doing a
different type of dota2 videos so like
for did that but anyway uh what do we
got okay so what this is just a nuclear
reactor this is for people that already
had an even reactor set up and have
materials to build them so I'm just
gonna get cut straight to the chase I'm
gonna tell you what this one does how
much power you're gonna get from it how
much you would take you're gonna get so
I'm expecting you guys already know this
kind of stuff if you don't I guess I can
send you guys to the industrialcraft
wiki the nuclear reactor stuff but
anyway okay so the total output e eu on
this is 68 million which is actually
really good but sorry for that pause
it's cuz I have to switch screens and
I'll just go to this so this is the
actual design of it this will work for
an infinite amount of cycles and zero
cooldown time absolutely zero which is
really good you get 340 you a tick which
is it's not as good as this is a mark
one EC which basically means it has a
efficiency between two and three it's
not it doesn't sound good but because
you get maximum cycles no cooldown time
and it doesn't really matter because
after 2 hours and 47 minutes it's close
around there you'll have 68 million
--use and stored up like you're ever
gonna use that much anyway but this does
require quite a bit of materials and it
requires at least 17 diamonds for all of
the
hi crap sorry for all of the advanced
heat exchangers which each one of them
takes up at least one diamond but I
changed this from my original so
included as little heat exchangers as I
could but this one works it actually has
a little bit of access cool which is
kind of alright
but basically you need to have at least
25 overclocked heat vents 17 exchangers
and you're gonna have four quad yeoreum
cells three duels and four singles so
that's kind of what you need to have in
order to build this but otherwise you
place it in this kind of arrangement
into the yuku reactor and that's play a
little redstone current and you'll get
you pretty dang fast I mean it's not
like I mean you could build one that
would essentially like give you like a
huge amount of EU every tick but it
won't to last very long but that
basically the items within DS will
sustain except for the uranium itself so
you take the rhenium out you put the new
uranium in you shouldn't have to worry
about any of the other things Suns going
down so we'll change this out um so yeah
they're non starts buzzing it's really
allowed me he would have this around a
row but I've just found this laughing
see like huge amount of you it's awesome
it's great so it's actually a really
really good well in my opinion a really
good reactor so completely reusable by
the time the rhenium even runs out
you'll need almost seven of these hold
all the EU and
no cooldown it's just good stuff except
for okay I will say the bad thing about
it is these things right here will run
out after about 10 goes but that's
that's a lot of cute I and I deem that
unnecessary so I'm just gonna call
technically adds an infinite amount of
cycles I eat everything and I really
hate these slimes yeah that's it so
we'll have update videos coming soon
this is just a little tutorial on what
my reactor plant out in industrialcraft
to be so yeah I really hate my mouse pad